src/article/33-how-to-handle-boring-developer-job.archive.md, before:

---
title: "How to handle boring developer job"
date: "27 May 2023"
---

<!-- - define what is senior mean ?
- dont compare yourself with others
- realize that you have your own path, and unique way to improve
- define what is your struggle
- getting things don't make you senior
- do extra miles

- every job at the end will become "repetitive task" that not challenge anymore how to handle it
- do improvement
- rewrite it
- create tooling to make it faster
- create unit test -->

It's your first day work as developer in your dream startup, you feel exited and ofen nerveous, you wondering what kind of task that you will worked, It's your dream come true to be part of startup that change the world (metaphorically). then fast forward three years later, did you still feel as exited as your first day of work ?

oftentimes, you will bored with your day to day job, because your long spint project has been done and only need some feature here and there. small bugfix or maybe just fixing some typos.

Commit message:

[DRAFT] how to handle broing developer job

src/article/33-how-to-handle-boring-developer-job.archive.md, after:

---
title: "How to handle boring developer job"
date: "27 May 2023"
---

<!-- - define what is senior mean ?
- dont compare yourself with others
- realize that you have your own path, and unique way to improve
- define what is your struggle
- getting things don't make you senior
- do extra miles

- every job at the end will become "repetitive task" that not challenge anymore how to handle it
- do improvement
- rewrite it
- create tooling to make it faster
- create unit test -->

It's your first day work as developer in your dream startup company, you feel exited and nerveous, you wondering what kind of task that you will worked on, It's your dream come true to be part of startup that change the world. then fast forward three years later, did you still feel as exited as your first day ? If your answer is yes, congratulation then you really have a dream job, but most of us feel not the same.

You will bored with your day to day job, because your long spint project has been done and work task just some feature here and there. small bugfix or maybe just fixing some typos.

Here I have some tips how to handle boring developer job

1. realize that even as developer we will facing some boring job to do, and when this happen you actually still able to do some improvement, if you're not writing unit testing when you do your task, do it eventhough no one ask you for it, if no one create documentation then do it, it will improve your value as developer

2. you fill boring because you doing same type of job over and over again, ask your manager to switch project or higher difficult task so you can improve
3. if not of those above tips is worked try to do some personal project

we cannot control our job, our manager, our bos but we can control ourself
